Root User:
	Can use admin a/c to do admin tasks. Mostly avoid Root user ID.
	MFA is must.

Users:
Users can be grouped. Each user has an account
Groups can contain users not the other groups.
Users can belong to multiple group.
Groups cannot be nested

Policies:
	Users or groups can be assigned to json Document, they are called as polices
	Policies define permission of the user (What are the services to be allowed)
	Apply least privilege principles
	Mutliple polices can be shared by the user
 
After creating the user using admin login, the credentials can be either downloaded or sent via mail to the users by the root user.
IAM Policy structure:
JSON :
	{
	Version: Policy lang version
	ID: an identifier for any policy
	Statement: One or more stsmts
	Statement:
		Sid: identifier of stmt
		Effect: Access allow/deny
		Principal: a/c, user, rool to which this policy is applied
		Action:
		Resources
}

Policy Hands on Done For :
1.	Adding User
2.	Policy getting inherited in different ways with “user group” access thro IAM permissions
3.	Create Policy Eg: GetUser (), 
Observation Done:
Unable to create the new group, then include the user account inside the Admin policy and then create the new group.


MFA Devices:
	Virtual MFA device
        1.	Google Authenticator using Mobile
        2.	Authy -> For Multi device 

    Universal Second Factor Security System: (U2F)
        1.	USB plugged 
    Hardware Fob MFA Device:
        1.	Provide by third party physical device
    Hardware Fob MFA Device AWS Gov cloud:
        SurePassID
        
Users Accessing AWS 
AWS Management Console (Using Passwd + MFA)
CLI (Protected by Access Keys)
SDK (For Code- Protected by access Keys)
	Enables to manage AWS Services via Programmatically
	Embedded with Appln
	SDK’s Supports: Javascript, Python, PHP, Ruby, Java, Nodejs
	Mobile SDK
	IOT Devices SDK
Hands ON Done


CloudShell Region Availability:
	Opening shell and uploading the file /home/cloudshell-user
    
IAM Role:
	Assign Permission to  AWS Services using IAM Roles for the EC2 instance to Use
	Common Roles:
	Ec2 Instance Role
	Lamba Function Role
	Roles for Cloud Formation
	Hands on Done
    
Security Tools:
	IAM Credential Reports (Account Level) - > User AC details
	IAM Access Advisor (UserLevel) – Check the permission granted, when those services were last accessed and Revise the policy 

